Let's reflect now on
how the platform is set
up for the Bluetooth
low energy interaction.
If we look at our generic
Internet of Things stack, we can
note that our edge devices, a
barely empty gateway.
This great gateway has a secure
connection with our server and
the results can be explored
using the combined are client
application in a web browser.
In more detail, we have
downloaded a certificate to
enable secure connection. We've
also downloaded software from
GitHub. When the barely empty
bridge software is run, a secure
MQTT connection is established
with the server running in
Eclipse Mosquitto Broker.
The Gateway then scans for
Bluetooth low energy devices
nearby and publishes the
information they're broadcasting
for our network router.
We then have an identical
combination of controllers
and databases. An client
applications that we have
also implemented for the
anonymous feedback
application.